README.md, before:

General
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apothesis is a open source software for simulating deposition processes via the kinetic Monte Carlo method. 
This is the first step for creating a generalized kinetic Monte Carlo code 
for surface growth phenomena targeting chemical vapor and atomic layer deposition processes.  
It is still under development but please feel free to contact me if you have something in mind! 


Compile 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On linux systems in the source directory run qmake and make. This should do the trick.
Having QtCreator will make things a lot easier on (mostly) windows and linux OS. 
Since the project is not based on Qt framework (although it started like that - thats why the Qt deps) 
I will provided a cmake at first instance. 


Test
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I have created test input files under "test" directory to explore the logic behind the development and the I/O operations. 
Copy and paste the file in the executable and run apothesis... This should work fine. 

Contact information:

Nikolaos (Nikos) Cheimarios: 
nixeimar@chemeng.ntua.gr

Commit message:

Update README, remove build files and add gitignore

README.md, after:

General
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apothesis is a open source software for simulating deposition processes via the kinetic Monte Carlo method. 
This is the first step for creating a generalized kinetic Monte Carlo code 
for surface growth phenomena targeting chemical vapor and atomic layer deposition processes.  
It is still under development but please feel free to contact me if you have something in mind! 


Compile 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On linux systems in the source directory run 
```
qmake
make
```
This should do the trick.
Having QtCreator will make things a lot easier on (mostly) windows and linux OS. 
Since the project is not based on Qt framework (although it started like that - thats why the Qt deps) 
I will provided a cmake at first instance. 

Test
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
There is a test input file under `test` directory to explore the logic behind the development and the I/O operations. 
To try it run
```
cd test
../Apothesis 
```
This should work fine. 

Contact information:

Nikolaos (Nikos) Cheimarios: 
nixeimar@chemeng.ntua.gr
